README.md, before:

# mycode
Learning to track my code

# mycode (Project Title)

One Paragraph of your project description goes here. Describe what you're trying to do. What is the purpose of putting up this repo?

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them. For now, maybe copy in how to install python and python3 using apt.

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running. Eventually, maybe we could list Python package requirements here. You can remove this section for now, or make a note to yourself to fill it out later.

```
Give the example
```

And repeat other install steps...

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system. We don't have any, so just make a note that they are none at this time.

## Deployment

Here we might put additional notes about how to deploy on various systems. For now, put a note that we're testing our code on Linux Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. 

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - The coding language used

## Contributing

Here you could make notes about how others might contribute to your code. For right now, a friendly message saying you'll accept any and all help from other coders would be great!

## Authors

* **Your Name** - *Initial work* - [YourWebsite](https://example.com/)

## License

This project is licensed under the GNUv3 - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

First commit to learn about version controlling

README.md, after:


# mycode
Learning to track my code

# mycode (Project Title)

One Paragraph of your project description goes here. Describe what you're trying to do. What is the purpose of putting up this repo?
I would like to learn how to version control projects with git.

##
 Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them. For now, maybe copy in how to install python and python3 using apt.

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running. Eventually, maybe we could list Python package requirements here. You can remove this section for now, or make a note to yourself to fill it out later.

```
Give the example
```

And repeat other install steps...

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system. We don't have any, so just make a note that they are none at this time.

## Deployment

Here we might put additional notes about how to deploy on various systems. For now, put a note that we're testing our code on Linux Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. 

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - The coding language used

## Contributing

Here you could make notes about how others might contribute to your code. For right now, a friendly message saying you'll accept any and all help from other coders would be great!

## Authors

* **Your Name** - *Initial work* - [YourWebsite](https://example.com/)

## License

This project is licensed under the GNUv3 - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
